Adjust dependency confusion doc for Cachi2 (#12)
containerbuildsystem/cachi2: docs/dependency_confusion.md

Cachi2 aims to match the behaviour of your package manager as closely as possible. Generally
speaking, Cachi2 is as vulnerable to dependency confusion as your package manager, not more, not
less. However, all the supported package managers provide means to protect yourself by following
best practices. For example, you can remove all known attack vectors by simply verifying the
checksums of your dependencies.

Cachi2 enforces *some* of these best practices. Typically, each package manager provides a lockfile
or other mechanism for pinning dependency versions. Cachi2 requires this. Verifying checksums is
usually up to you.

# Package Managers

## gomod

*TL;DR: commit your go.sum.*

Golang modules are defined by their [go.mod](https://golang.org/ref/mod#go-mod-file) files. These
define the name of your module as well as the names and versions of its dependencies. Thanks to
golang’s unique system of dependency management, this file is enough to ensure reproducible builds
on its own.

However, due to golang versions being tied to git tags, you are technically at the mercy of
repository maintainers. To prevent surprises, whenever go downloads any dependencies, it

> saves their checksums in a [go.sum](https://golang.org/ref/mod#go) file. This file is later used to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
saves their checksums in a [go.sum](https://go.dev/ref/mod#go-sum-files) file. This file is later used to
```

Author: Nice catch, updated :+1:

with no network access) to protect your own system. In the best case scenario, the malicious behaviour
will manifest at build time and the build will fail. In the worst case scenario, the build will succeed
but the built product will contain malicious code, which may then affect whoever tries to run it.

## Dependency Confusion vs Cachi2

Before delving into the specifics of each supported package manager, let us make a general statement
about Cachi2’s stance towards dependency confusion.

Cachi2 aims to match the behaviour of your package manager as closely as possible. Generally
speaking, Cachi2 is as vulnerable to dependency confusion as your package manager, not more, not
less. However, all the supported package managers provide means to protect yourself by following
best practices. For example, you can remove all known attack vectors by simply verifying the
checksums of your dependencies.

Cachi2 enforces *some* of these best practices. Typically, each package manager provides a lockfile
or other mechanism for pinning dependency versions. Cachi2 requires this. Verifying checksums is
usually up to you.

# Package Managers

> *Sometimes users may state that Cachi2 supports a certain programming language. This is not

Reviewer 2: It doesn't hurt to leave this here, but I wonder if this disclaimer is needed at all in this doc.

Author: True, I'll remove this
